Update Getting started on Linux to include git cloning information. (#203)
google/iree: docs/getting_started_on_linux.md

`source [PATH TO VULKAN SDK]/setup-env.sh` to your `~/.bashrc` file to simplify
environment variable setup.

> ## Optional: Configure Git

Reviewer: It sounds a bit weird to call this "optional" since you definitely need git for everything :-D

I see this mirrors the windows instructions.

Author: Should I leave this as is then?

> ### Git SSH

Reviewer: I would just link the GitHub docs on this. There are so many key configuration options: https://help.github.com/en/enterprise/2.15/user/articles/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent

Oh I see this mirrors the windows instructions

Author: Yeah. I just copy pasted it

*   Generate SSH Key: `ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "EMAIL@email.com"`
*   Add `~/.ssh.id_rsa.pub` key to GitHub
*   Try a test connection `ssh git@github.com`

### Other git config options

```shell
git config --global user.name "MY NAME"
git config --global user.email "MY EMAIL"
```

> ### Clone

Reviewer: Let's put this one level up. Cloning isn't part of configuring git.

```suggestion
## Clone
```

Author: Ok. Will change it

> This assumes that we are cloning into `/home/user/ireepub`. Update accordingly for

Reviewer: ireepub seems like an unlikely directory name for an external contributor to use and "user" is unlikely to be their username. What about using an env variable that references "$HOME".

Also I think I would say that we're cloning *into* `/home/user/ireepub/iree` in this case. What about "cloning under"

```suggestion
This assumes that we are cloning under `$HOME/git`. Update accordingly for
```

Looks like there's no way to do multi-line suggested changes (what's even the point then?), but that would make the below shell block

```shell
BASE_DIR="${HOME?}/git"
mkdir -p ${BASE_DIR?}
cd ${BASE_DIR?}
git clone $IREE_CLONE_ARGS https://github.com/google/iree.git iree
cd iree
git submodule init
git submodule update $IREE_CLONE_ARGS --recursive
```

Author: Why is base_dir "${HOME?}/git"

Author: `ireepub` is what is used on windows side.

Reviewer: Oh huh, weird... Ok let's keep it consistent then. Not sure I understand the question, but it's just an arbitrary subdirectory under home (~). It happens to be where I stick my git repositories. I don't actually care what we put here (what do most people do?), but I think we should use `$HOME` instead of `/home/user` just to make copy-pasting this a bit easier.

your use.

Note that if you will be cloning frequently, it can be sped up significantly by
creating a reference repo and setting
`IREE_CLONE_ARGS="--reference=/path/to/reference/repo"`. See
`build_tools/scripts/populate_reference_repo.sh` for further details.

```shell
IREE_CLONE_ARGS=""
mkdir -p /home/user/ireepub
cd /home/user/ireepub

> git clone $IREE_CLONE_ARGS https://github.com/google/iree.git iree

Reviewer: Naming it "iree" explicitly is fine, but it's also the default name, so unnecessary

Author: Keeping it consistent with the Windows side.

cd iree

> git submodule init

Reviewer: Is --recursive necessary? I don't think I've ever used it

Author: Maybe better to use --recursive.
